feat(ga4-events): add author name(s), category, RAS statuses to event payload (#3129)
Automattic/newspack-plugin: includes/data-events/connectors/ga4/README.md

* `ga_session_id`: The GA Session ID, retrieved from the cookie
* `logged_in`: Whether the user is logged in when the event got fired
* `is_reader`: Whether the user is a RAS reader
* `author`: Name of the author (or authors) of the currently viewed post
* `category`: Category of the currently viewed post

If the user is logged in, these parameters will also be added:

* `email_hash`: The anonymized user email
* `is_newsletter_subscriber`: If the reader is signed up for any newsletters

> * `is_subsciber`: If reader has donated
> * `is_donor`: If reader has any currently active non-donation subscriptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `is_subscriber`: If reader has any currently active non-donation subscriptions
* `is_donor`: If reader has donated (one-time or subscription)
```
